Add F.A.Q. section (#185)
organicmaps/organicmaps.github.io: content/faq/tts/tts.md

- Install the [eSpeak TTS engine](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.reecedunn.espeak) available on F-Droid

- Set it as the preferred system engine

    - Go to LineageOS main **Settings**.

    - Scroll down to **Accessibility**.

    - Select **text-to-speech output** and **Preferred engine** (left side) and make sure **eSpeak** is selected.

- Go back and press **play** to see if it is working

- Install [RHVoice](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.github.olga_yakovleva.rhvoice.android/) available on F-droid.

    - Open it, select the language you want to use, tap on the cloud icon (far left) to download voices.

    - Press play button to verify if it is working
    
- Set **RHVoice** as preferred engine (see step 2)

- Now, you should be able to use RHVoice without any problems

> *In order to hear voice instructions you have to actually start a navigation to receive any voice output, Organic Maps will not give you any voice instructions while you're standing still.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*In order to test the voice instructions, you can tap on "Test Voice Directions (TTS, Text-ToSpeech)" in OM "Settings → Voice Instruction" menu or you can actually start a navigation to receive any voice output, Organic Maps will not give you any voice instructions while you're standing still.*
```
